Terms of Service
By using this website and it's services you agree to the following:
    TOS
    EULA
    
Terms of Service ("Terms")

Last updated: September 22, 2016

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the https://shscountdown.github.io/ website (the "Service") operated by SHSCOUNTDOWN ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. 

Liability

SHSCOUNTDOWN is not responsible for injury, death, or damage caused by the use of this website.

Links To Other Web Sites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by SHSCOUNTDOWN.

SHSCOUNTDOWN has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that SHSCOUNTDOWN shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

Termination

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New Jersey, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.


End-User License Agreement ("Agreement")

Last updated: September 22, 2016

Please read this End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") carefully before clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using SHSCOUNTDOWN ("Application").

By clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using the Application, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

This Agreement is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and SHSCOUNTDOWN and it governs your use of the Application made available to you by SHSCOUNTDOWN.

If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not click on the "I Agree" button and do not download or use the Application.

The Application is licensed, not sold, to you by SHSCOUNTDOWN for use strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

License

SHSCOUNTDOWN grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install and use the Application solely for your personal, non-commercial purposes strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Third-Party Services

The Application may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third-Party Services").

You acknowledge and agree that SHSCOUNTDOWN shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. SHSCOUNTDOWN does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.

Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.

Term and Termination

This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or SHSCOUNTDOWN.

SHSCOUNTDOWN may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.

This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from SHSCOUNTDOWN, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application and all copies thereof from your mobile device or from your computer.

Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the Application and delete all copies of the Application from your mobile device or from your computer.

Termination of this Agreement will not limit any of SHSCOUNTDOWN's rights or remedies at law or in equity in case of breach by you (during the term of this Agreement) of any of your obligations under the present Agreement.

Amendments to this Agreement

SHSCOUNTDOWN reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Application after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Application.

Governing Law

The laws of New Jersey, United States, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the Application. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

Contact Information

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.

Entire Agreement

The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and SHSCOUNTDOWN regarding your use of the Application and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous written or oral agreements between you and SHSCOUNTDOWN.

You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when you use or purchase other SHSCOUNTDOWN's services, which SHSCOUNTDOWN will provide to you at the time of such use or purchase.
